Hello my name is Derrick Hubbard and I would like to welcome you to my presentation of the simple calendar. 
The simple calendar is an idea that I had to improve the functionality of a calendar by minimizing its functions. 
My idea is based on my personal need for a calendar that can be utilized over multiple platforms and provide functions that are suitable for a small group of people or a family. There are multiple products in the market today that provide similar functions. The issue I have had with these products are that they provide too many functions and can hard to manage. What I mean by this is that while you can program many different things into these calendars the functionality can be over whelming for some users.

I identified this as an issue when I tried to implement some of these calendars into my own family and we always seem to run into the same problems. The issue is having too many options on how to input information into calendars and the out put notification. The idea is for a calendar to act like a planer that will automatically assign task after evaluating what is need to complete the task.  

My plan for creating the simple calendar is to start with a profile for each member of the calendar. The profile will be the most complex part of this program because there will be details in the profile their key to the successful execution of the calendars main function. Every member of the calendar will have to input detailed parameters that will allow the calendar to categorize abilities to be assigned a certain task. The types of detail for these profiles will be things like destinations of work from home, the ability to drive, times of departure, planned social events, and just about anything else that will have a time constriction. Once these profiles are built then the next stage can be achieved.

The main function on my calendar will work like an automated planer that uses the profiles to creating a tier system. At the top of the tier you have the parent’s profiles which will have the most abilities assigned to them. The calendar will recognize these profiles as being master which will come with security options, the ability to make changes to the calendar, and also reassign tasks and maintain the calendar. All of the profiles that fall under this tier will be organized by their ability to provide special needs for certain tasks. This will allow the calendar to sort through the profiles and the sign the right tasks to the right profile.

Functions of the calendar will be simplified by only allowing the users to input their task into the calendar. Example of this is a child that does not have the ability to drive needs to be driven to an activity. The calendar will recognize that the profile that is inputting the task does not meet all the needs to successfully complete the task. The calendar will then check the other profile to see which one is best suited to assist in the completion of the task. It will then generate a notification to that profile. This application will need to have the ability to interface with multiple platforms as well as operate on multiple systems. We also need security settings that can prevent misuse of the calendars information. 